$Welcome to our quizzing server!
$These are some rules for the server as a whole, and some general guidelines about the format of the quizzes that may be conducted here.
Do note that these rules are flexible and subject to change for each quiz. In such cases, the specific rules will be explained by the QM.

1. Mute yourself on the bounce voice channel as a rule. Unmute yourself only when you wish to speak to the QM. Alternatively, use push to talk.

2. Any and all queries you have for the moderators may be sent to <@!752112370284757023> by DM.

3. Be polite. No NSFW (unless questions so demand), no spamming, no advertising, no bigotry, don't be a fascist.

4. Follow the [Discord Community Guidelines](https://discord.com/guidelines) and [Terms of Service](https://discord.com/terms). Anyone found breaking ToS will be banned immediately.

5. Don't Google please. We operate on trust here, and if you're caught, you will be banned immediately. (We tried implementing a browser lock after creating a clone of the app but not only was it high maintenance, we got a C&D from Discord)

6. Most quizzes here follow the pounce and bounce format. Pounces are tracked through a bot.

7. Voice channels for team discussions are provided to discuss written rounds. All questions and hints will be given in the bounce channel by the QM.


$THE HONOUR CODE:
$Googling, reverse image searches, shazam, and other means of looking up answers via the internet or print media is looked down upon. A lot of work goes into preparing these sets and such forms of malpractice can ruin the experience for everyone.
These quizzes are not set with professional quizzing in mind. They are meant to entertain and engage quizzers during lockdown. No prizes, no resgistration fee, and a casual atmosphere is intentional and this is only meant to have some fun quizzing 
By choosing to remain in this server you agree to not indulge in any unfair means, to take part in the quiz in good faith, and not ruin the experience for the others.

$Free speech is mutual. $You are free to behave as you please and others are free to point it out and avoid you. Anyone causing disturbances to the group via using nefarious means during the quiz, hate speech, personal attacks (if brought to the attention of the moderators), trolling or any other actions that affect the group atmosphere will be removed at admin discretion.
Addendum to that, constructive criticism is always welcome, but anyone acting high and mighty, being overly critical of any question, hurling abuse, bad mouthing the QM, members of the moderation team or other participants within the group or on public fora will be summarily removed. Fact checks are accepted, but that doesn't give you the right to be rude.


$PRIVACY POLICY:
$Any information you submit to a moderator in their capacity as such through any means is collected only to establish uniqueness of identity, and verify your track record for any history of misconduct. We do not want members of the community to get in trouble. We do not publish your contact information anywhere and we back up your data in a secure server and purge your responses from Google every 2 hours. On request, we will provide you a copy of all data we have on you, and you can withdraw consent to collect specific data at any point, provided you understand the conseqeunces of doing so.
When you leave this server, all of your data will be purged and you might have to wait to be verified again if you wish to rejoin.
We will never spam you with promotions and the like. In fact, you will not hear from the organisers outisde of WhatsApp and Discord.
$Any personal information you reveal on the server is at your own risk.
$The moderation team is not liable for any mishaps resulting from this. We generally advise you to not divulge any personal information to anyone, apart from the Mod team in their official capacity, especially if you are a minor. This includes phone numbers, emails, addresses, etc.
We are limited in our ability to intervene in these situations as our power does not extend beyond this server. However we do value your safety and we will try to help you as best we can.
$Punishment system:
$Depending on the severity of the offence, you will be either warned, kicked, softbanned, or banned. 5 warns will result in an autoban. Offences like spamming, etc. may result in a temporary or permanent mute - either in a channel, or server-wide.

$If you cannot see the rest of the channels, you haven't been approved yet. $This process might take a while, please be patient.
If There is a message below this, you need not worry about this bit.
